this video to psn store knowledge
games
use occupy more if you hear and win and 5% of
discount on digital games for consoles
links in description and then beauty
and if there was anybody here with you one more
video we fall short of the rod normally
With you kids and today I'll talk a
little more about the weekly update
what will be that day 27 in the band's pillay
Let's go and talk here about a
bit more of the dt king that's there
practically knocking on the door in kind
that not but in September to which we arrived
fine by me
we have vacations and we will enjoy
to know more about anelis and there from
the resumption of the following to
to the destination at all times.
chen properties in all
platforms new missions of history and
a variety of side quests that
conspire to tell the story of the
new battle to defend our system
solar account oryx and his army taken
new narrative driven by scenes
film starring for about the
cast ee comes wrapping characters
new exotic weapons exotic armor
15 west exotic lines that's right
I just talk to the west online cesop
houses will have more exotic missions
the only exotic mission that people
You know you have not left until today.
hot thorn kills launch of war and dude
only has this then it will probably be
a basis on that, so we do not know
still what's going to be more
exotic options is fuck more beauty let's
continue here
the new test is brittney is the northeast with
exclusive ritual secrets exhorted
discover a new generation of combat
fighters king tv armed enemies
with new skills and weapons
the increase of migrant cap and new forms
for your guardian to grow and more
powerful and there are too many
new original weapons redesigned
armor and talent for news
new subclasses as you already know what goes
roll over class all new super
and skills will have new and also
new cooperative missions with new
original battles of boss dynamics
with the chiefs finally Teresian and
we imagine strikes that even a few go
redesigning some of the missions that
dust that you are introducing only
which is the psionic those exclusive
that will make the xbox now also at
seen immortal mind and brains going 3
is the value we are filing
know are now valid for the taken
invaded sorry invade by the taken
are invaded there by the enemies there
by allies of oryx new new maps
crucible as always comes with new
Backyard modes will also include
cool new ways from here we too
was including the previously vacant hit
like makeup or half I think that's it
that the market on the podium
which is less important our greater
six players is still a raid raid with
six players there was a lot
needed in the house affront did not come and
will turn new roots again and will be
very top by the way we saw it
some videos there some
so apparently it was going to be a radio
but let's continue here is that the
content of reconstitution based on all
versions of 10 epo resumed between day 15
September we were actually in
improvement of the economy an experience
reformulated research formulating improvements and
reward loyalty factions and
final game content is much more
We're going to do a lot of things a lot
interesting is they go there talking every
more and more releasing things
short news so it will only get more
It is still eager to have here seven days of the
set of 2015 and is already knocking on the door
It's also the day of the player is the day of the
player
Oh, let's see, this is very important.
What are we going to have to do this over the course of time?
this summer teresa urban there is a lot of chance
to deepen a second year let
now it is appropriate to speak one
little more about the former has been a
long and strange journey but we must
do justice fortunately for a while
intended for this exactly two
months ago we had seen the
first signs of a community
let the vanguards had to use
new paths in alpha the second wave of
explorers were lining up for
breach the limits of beta since those
first glimpses of the creation of
character we have seen a global population of
guardians of energy question truth
China's grown to hell
I 'm not here on our opening day.
around the sun is cause for celebration
I was able to say it here everyday.
only occasion this mission was placed
on the move by players of
band did not become became official day
seven of the 2007 set
since then the seventh day in the seventh month
it's been a while to get to know each other
the group of people who come together in games
will become a community makes some
Sometimes make us a visit on Tuesday
and we are going to have some celebrations one
impressive affiliate you did in
last year with just a few
invitations for how you can
express
we'll also tell you how any
player who has faced the first
dash year can achieve exclusive
status and if something
We have been working for some time.
time and their own triumph are the
crucial ingredients and yes let's win
here's a little treat probably on Tuesday
this is the new emblem that is there
I will show you that the emblem
very cool kinda cool really liked it
his
Let me see here I think I
I got his name and I do not have it.
sure it's going to be that same name
but let's see here if I can find
a name for you
Quickly see here if we find here
My badge with the name is here
triumph emblem emblem of triumph or
something like that as soon as it goes
apparently because it is here
the name of the file appeared so to me
so I think you guys have me more
anyway if it's not beauty, too, beauty
this was the weekly update here
of this month that promises to let us go
to win something new well well legal
interesting this apparently only who
will win will be the veterans of
first year of 10,000 in one year
That's it, give us a gift.
trying to go back on some things
but anyway
this was the funniest video video
keep many things new emission mission
exotic old is crazy that resort that
will redo some completely maps the
Different problem places that people
I had already thought before going to stay
different and many other things more
Exotic finally let's be able to see
Who calls you beauty and what if
corrected today think of using
he spoke and if possible sign up for
molecada channel won the spoke and fun